Scrum master and product owner in layman (#272)
niteoweb/handbook: 2_Operations/scrum.md

 * We work asynchronously, so keep scheduled meetings to the bare minimum.
 * We schedule our work into two week long *sprints*.
 * We manage our sprints with GitHub and ZenHub.
 

> The role of a product owner is to defend the users while the role of a scrum master is to defend the developers. This means that a symbiotic relationship has to exist in order to create a balanced product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To put it in simple terms: **product owner defends the users, scrum master defends the team**. It is the balance of these two struggles that maximizes the value output.
```

Reviewer: Too VC-speak? :)

Reviewer 2: rofl, definitely :D

Reviewer: Open for suggestions then :D

Reviewer 2: "Ideally, this relationship brings the best results for users while not overworking the developers."
